look at the market you you see what's
going on what do you see
today in terms of whether you think
we're close or at a bottom and it's time
to maybe put some money to work although
I hate to even pose the question that
way because it's so uncertain no one
knows what the true bottom is though
you've had some names come on the air
and say you've got to if you're in this
for the long term yeah Scott I wanted to
come on today because I think there's
there's there's a lot I wanted to sort
of get off my chest but let me start
with what I think has been apparently
obvious psychologically over the last
few days and you've heard it from
basically all of your guests either
explicitly or implicitly which is that
they have been so whipsawed that they
are so coiled for a rally and everybody
is talking the language of a rally and
everybody I think wants to see a rally
happen and whenever there's even an iota
of even moderately good news the market
reacts just because it has been so
whipped around now if you take a step
back let me give you a the bull case on
what we're learning and I think we
should start with the science because
that's the most important thing three or
four weeks ago there was emerging
evidence on the value of chloroquine and
REM beza beer as treatment even
prophylactically for coronavirus we saw
that coming out of China it's largely
now built up in up clinical validation
where what happened today I think was
very important up until today the CDC if
you went to the website had literally
zero guidance on the application of
these two drugs either in treatment or
prophylactically if you think you're
getting symptoms and that's an important
shift because it starts to change our
posture away from the perfect towards
the good and not letting perfect being
the enemy of the good and this is
something that we were saying for a
while which is that if you relax some of
these hyper strict standards that the
cdc and fda had what it would allow
doctors the possibility of doing and
scientists the ability to do
is to tell us in a projective way what
could happen and allow folks to be more
aggressive in the types of protocols
they use and get that information out
broad it should not be the case that you
have to go to youtube for ventilators to
learn you know for for anesthesiologist
etc to describe how to string
ventilators together that's not what
should be happening we need government
institutions to be at the tip of the
spear here in making sure we understand
what's happening so I think that was a
good thing and I think that if we can
get broad-based
understanding of the value of these
drugs in the hands of as many doctors
and frankly the population at large as
possible to know that there are remedies
that work for an overwhelmingly large
part of the population that should be
very reassuring but then it shifts to
what I think the next thing is we have
to do you know there's this very famous
Churchill quote Winston Churchill quote
about the United States which is that
you know the United States will do the
right thing after it has tried
everything else and this is where we
need to prove that wrong we are still
sort of you know in the queue of trying
to ramp up our testing mechanisms if you
have an acute onset of coronavirus so
this is these you know PCR tests that
we've heard a lot about but if you want
to see a rally if people are indeed
calling the bottom there is one thing
and one thing only that we can do which
is we need to have broad-based testing
of antibodies so let me just explain
that so everybody knows what's going on
there's a lot of data coming out of
China and now also coming out of South
Korea that seems to indicate that there
are large broad basis of spreader
populations who are asymptomatic meaning
mostly young people probably who are
walking around feeling not sick at all
or very very slightly sick and they are
the ones that are driving the infectious
rate up here but what that also means is
that they may have also recovered and
could be advancing us to a point of herd
immunity the only way we can know if
that is true is to buy a different kind
of test in the
tests are penny they're made in China
they're called IgG and IgM antibody
tests if we could get tens or hundreds
of millions we could ask the National
Guard or we could ask you know for us to
use the voting infrastructure we have in
the 50 state for people to get tested
and the reason why that's important is
that if it looks like there are millions
or tens of millions of people who are
expressing this antibody we have a huge
denominator it means that the severity
of this disease is not what we think and
a lot of us can get back to work which
is probably the next critical thing
that's if you believe the bull' case
whether you believe it or not I think
we're at a point in time now worth that
the government does need to act you know
it's taken us three weeks to get to
chloroquine and run desert beer as a
government indoor statement I hope it
doesn't take three weeks for us to
realize that we should be testing every
man woman and child in the United States
for these antibodies because the faster
we understand how prevalent this disease
is in the faster we can get to this
rally that everybody wants do you do you
are you a believer in the bull' case you
lay out or not I think that if you read
the science right now there is a very
good chance I would put that at about
30% so a one in three chance which is
why it's a best worth taking that what
we have is something that is broadly
being infectiously spread largely by
young people in an asymptomatic fashion
they are doing it unwittingly and
unknowingly and because it doesn't
affect them that much and because the
effects of this travel upstream in the
age distribution histogram they're not
thinking about much of it now that's not
to blame them they don't know but
testing for these antibodies would allow
us to definitively understand whether
this is true of course well that's why
his wife that's why South Korea was at
such an advanced stage of their testing
in their you know quote unquote recovery
than we were is because they were able
to identify early on through testing and
magnitudes that we still haven't reached
who to isolate and to stop these super
spreads
that the likes of which you're talking
about let me ask you quick because I
don't I don't have a whole ton of time
shamov the corporate world's gonna look
a lot different on the other side of
this I think I think we know that as
somebody who sits on boards of companies
as somebody who invests in company
companies and believes in the future
generation of leadership in this country
how is this gonna look on the other side
what boards are able to do what CEOs are
able to do buybacks and dividends and
all the like yeah two things I think we
need to talk about companies and we need
to talk about hedge funds on the company
side you know the CEOs of companies and
compensation committees of most boards
have been engaged in a game and this
game is all about working compensation
around earnings per share and even when
earnings would not naturally go up they
were able to juice earnings per share by
reducing share accounts they did that by
getting levered and doing buybacks
that enriched CEOs it enriched board
directors and enriched the hedge funds
that activated for those changes that's
all it helped and the problem with that
is that now we have a whole bunch of
companies who you know frittered away
tens and hundreds of billions of dollars
on buybacks when they should have been
saving it for a rainy day
investing it in R&D or doing something
that was much more important than what
they did there needs to be consequences
for those actions the second is that
when you look at the hedge fund industry
a lot of why there's so much volatility
right now is because these hedge funds
are massively levered you know you heard
earlier about risk parity funds blowing
up these are not funds that are trading
billions of dollars Scott when you go to
a prime broker with 25 or 30 billion
dollars of Treasury securities they're
allowing you to lever that up 10 12 13 X
in the case of some of these hedge funds
hundred billion dollar funds running
trillions of dollars of notional
exposure and they are completely roiling
the capital markets they are turning
around and turning upside down people's
401ks and people's pensions driving
companies down 70% when they maybe
should only be down 30%
somebody needs to answer for that
volatility after 2008 the bank's hands
were slapped they were handcuffed they
were told how to operate but in return
what they did all of the very aggressive
practices on leverage they just put off
balance sheet and who took it up the
hedge funds and in these last ten years
what do you see
hedge fund guys are the ones buying
quarter billion dollar apartments hedge
fund guys are the ones buying sports
team hedge fund guys are the ones buying
art and now all of a sudden if we have
to go and step into the capital markets
with United States dollars that
everybody has a right to as citizens of
this country to shore up the financial
operations of the capital markets
somebody has to pay a price for that as
well you know not a single person went
to jail in 2008 in Wall Street and in
that financial mechanism and in return
what happens with Main Street was
decimated the opioid crisis was created
the wealth gap was exacerbated you can't
go through this again but where where
were where were voices like this at the
height of the bull market why are we
only talking about this when when we're
talking after stocks : bond wait we're
not even talking about it now you and I
are talking about it there's not a
single hedge fund that wants to sit
there and admit that their prime broker
is giving them seven eight nine terms of
leverage because volatility was low and
now that volatility is high their D
grossing and he levering every day in
these violent swings and you layer on
quant funds you layer on our fund you
layer on macro funds and all these folks
were running business models to try to
eke out basis points x huge leverage so
that they could make current
compensation and yet again because the
Fed steps in yet again because the prime
brokers tell the Fed we cannot shut
these markets down Main Street will have
to bail everybody out well look that
there's the president just a moment ago
said that he supports the u.s. taking
equity stakes in companies that it ain't
not you know he was asked you know he
was asked earlier whether he would
support the legislation or in this in
the stim
plans no bonuses and and no buybacks he
seemed to suggest that he would at least
in that moment whether he does in the
broader sense and when it comes down to
it who knows but not about cries out
there that's not that's not enough you
can't just hold the CEO accountable
after making four hundred million
dollars over the last ten years to all
of a sudden take no bonus or two quad
back ten million dollars a bonus
let me tell you something when I I've
gone through four of these cataclysmic
economic cycles in my lifetime okay in
two of them I was poor I grew up on
welfare above a laundromat family of
five in a 300 square foot apartment I
had nothing those two events did not
change my life because I started with
nothing and I had nothing at the end of
it
these last two cycles I found myself on
the other opposite end of the spectrum
and for for all intents and purposes not
that much change the people that get
decimated are the 80% in the middle and
we have a responsibility this time
around to learn from what we did wrong
the last time you can't just bail folks
out financially for being financially
greedy it's unfair and what we did in
2008 was incomplete all we did was shift
risk off balance sheet and in that what
we are now in the middle of is this
incredible whipsaw up and down every day
which is driving psychology which is
driving behavior that is in my opinion
unproductive and so you know we have the
President of the United States in many
ways I think on his heels trying to
react to market we have the Treasury
Secretary trying to react to market but
they're reacting to a market that isn't
necessarily trading directionally
correctly it's a bunch of folks who were
massively levered up in a lowball
environment going through an incredibly
difficult violent unwind I hear it has
nothing to do with anything
I hear like III I wish some around Scott
but it's I'm around you have to pin
these guys down you can't let them run
this lever but at some point you can't
have a
oh wait happened and and in a year
months whatever later say this is what
should have happened nobody ever says at
the moment that everybody's you know
partying like it's 1999 that the
system's broke in that it's only after
the fact and that's what we're finding
ourselves doing yet again and it's going
to be a conversation of the moment and
it's going to last for a long time and
maybe that's a good thing but it would
really be nice if these voices were
heard when when the Dow is looking you
don't know thirty thousand and the
Nasdaq that looks like it's gonna hit
ten thousand I thought the problem is
these things are not known it's not as
if there's a report that says X Y Z
hedge fund is running 13 times or X Y Z
other hedge fund is running twenty five
times you don't know these things it's
only in moments like this that that data
leaks out because the risk groups inside
these funds talk the traders inside
these funds talk they're all going
through pain together and this is when
the information happens so my point is
we know now that it wasn't two or three
turns of leverage that these folks were
running it is 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15
times in some cases it is long-term
capital management writ large playing
out in prime time now every day in the
market and my point to you is we now
have a responsibility we didn't know
LTCM before 98 happened we knew it after
but we had a responsibility to act
oh wait happened we reacted to the banks
and what I'm telling you is the banks
shifted risk off balance sheet we know
where the bodies are buried now it is
2020 March we know what to do and so
along with whatever bailout we do all of
these trillions of dollars that have
stepped into the capital markets right
now to shore up what's going on needs to
come at a price and the American people
have a right to demand that you cannot
run leverage this way because these
exhaustion its fact these externalities
will happen more and more over time and
we are not prepared it is clear that the
markets cannot handle these kinds of
events and that we were too optimistic
and we don't deserve to be given this
much leverage it's like giving a baby a
loaded gun samatha I'm going to leave it
there on
you